v2.2.18
1. Fixed Golden Lockpick recipes erroring when the item is unloaded
2. Changed how UI positioning is handled
3. Fixed Bereft Vassal's downed tracking not working
4. Removed Overgrown variants of Staff of Cysting & Hemorrhaging
 - The normal variants now can place on dirt & mud simultaneously
5. Fixed Spooky Mod recipe error

v2.2.17
1. Added a config page for mod specific toggles
2. Updated shops for the following mods:
 - AFKPets
 - Homeward Journey
 - Martin's Order
 - Secrets of the Shadows
3. Added permanent upgrade tooltips for Ragnarok Mod
4. Updated support for the following mods:
 - AFKPets
 - Homeward Journey
 - Martin's Order
 - Secrets of the Shadows
5. Added THE Button
6. Added Duplication Bobber
7. Added a config for removing lake size requirements for fishing
8. Added Wooden Club (This item is only obtainable through cheats)
9. Added a Keybind to activate Veinminer, now you can only Veinmine when the key is held
10. Moved Veinmining configs to their own page
11. Fully Disable Recipes config no longer affects Aether Altar recipes
12. Banner, Boss Bag, and Crate recipes are now under one config option, "Easier Recipes"
13. Added vanilla biome key recipes
14. Added biome key recipes for the following mods:
 - Spooky Mod
 - Thorium Mod
15. Added Permanent Buff items for Homeward Journey
16. Added a debug command to disable THE Button's effect
17. Added a config to remove tile cutting from AFKPets crops
18. Added a config to increase the growth rate of AFKPets crops
19. Added a config to auto replant AFKPets crops
20. Added a config to disable Crystal Dragons Topaz race prefixes from appearing in reforge menus when not using the Topaz race
21. Added a config to disable Mr. Plague's Races Goblin race prefixes from appearing in reforge menus when not using the Goblin race
22. Added a config to add recipes for Calamity's Effigies
23. Added a config to disable the exhaustion tooltip on Thorium thrower weapons when using the Exhaustion Disabler mod
24. Added a config to add enchanted glint effects to Calamity Entropy armor prefixes
25. Added a config to add a glow to Heart Crystals and Life Fruit
26. Added a config to add recipes to loop through Class Emblems
27. Fixed the Super Dummy bestiary entry never unlocking
28. Fixed compatibility with new Thorium Bosses Rework update
29. Fixed Permanent Buff UIs not saving correctly, might cause issues with old characters

v2.2.16
1. Fixed Permanent Ripple (SOTS) not working in Permanent Everything
2. Fixed Calamity Candles not applying correctly when using infinite buffs

v2.2.15
1. Rewrote herb auto-replanting, now works with the following mods:
 - The Depths
 - Redemption
 - Shadows of Abaddon
 - Spirit Classic
 - Thorium
2. Multitude of internal changes
3. Auto-Reuse Upgrades now works with the following mods:
 - Calamity
 - Exxo Avalon Origins
 - Ragnarok
 - Secrets of the Shadows
 - Thorium
4. Fixed master items being dropped twice in Revengeance, Death, or Eternity modes when using expert relic drops
5. Removed the "Endless Buffs Only Work From Potion Crate" config option
6. Rewrote a lot of the Config options to be more clear on what they do
7. Added a config to break all cracked dungeon bricks when one is broken
8. Added back Hellstone works with Spelunker Potion
9. Added a config to allow Silt and Slush to appear with Dangersense active
10. Added a config to disable thin ice from appearing with Dangersense active
11. Updated Calamity Entropy support
12. Added combined crafting stations for Calamity and Thorium
13. Added a config to allow hiding of buffs provided by infinite potions/stations
14. Renamed Permanent Everything to Permanent Vanilla
15. Reworked Permanent Everything, now it's a combination of all permanent buff items
16. Added Permanent Secrets of the Shadows buff items
17. Added Permanent Calamity Entropy buff items

v2.2.14
1. Added permanent buffs for Spirit Candies (not added to the UI yet!!)
2. Reorganized permanent buff items to not be jumbled

v2.2.13
1. Fixed Tesla Aura from Calamity duplicating itself when active

v2.2.12
1. Added permanent buff items for Spirit Classic & Consolaria
2. Fixed Calamity update issues
3. Added the ability to shimmer the Corruption Pylon into the Crimson Pylon and vice-versa
4. Updated shops for:
 - Calamity Entropy
5. Fixed biome visiting not tracking through world reload
6. Added new Permanent Buff UI to toggle buffs (Default Keybind: 'L')
7. Removed Permanent Buff Config

v2.2.11
1. Fixed time issues
2. Fixed Permanent Thorium Coatings localization

v2.2.10
1. Added Mining Emblem
2. Added Construction Emblem
3. Added Creation Club Member's Pass
4. Added Utilities in Banks support for Martin's Order
5. Added Permanent Upgrade Tooltip support for Martin's Order
6. Made Fargo's Mods summons stackable even when they are non-consumable
7. Added conversion recipes for mech boss souls, accessible after all 3 are beaten
8. Fixed Traveler's Mannequin in multiplayer
9. Fixed Skeleton Rucksack in multiplayer
10. Fixed Restock Notice in multiplayer
11. Added crate recipes for Calamity and Thorium
12. Added herb replanting support for Thorium
13. Added Sonar Device
14. Added Angler Radar
15. Added Angler's Dream
16. Added a permanent buff system like LuiAFK's mod has
17. Added permanent buffs for the following mods:
 - Calamity
 - Catalyst
 - Clamity Addon
 - Clicker Class
 - Martin's Order
 - Thorium
 - Thorium Boss Rework
18. Added a config to unload mod items instead of disabling their recipe
19. Many resprites
20. Added herb replanting support for Redemption, Spirit Classic, and The Depths
21. Added a fix for AFKPets that prevented miracle fruit from growing
22. Removed Portable Stations config
23. Internal optimizations/cleanup
24. Added boss summon items for the following bosses:
 - Skeletron
 - Wall of Flesh
 - Plantera
 - Duke Fishron
 - Empress of Light
 - Lunatic Cultist
25. Added cross mod boss summon items for the following bosses:
 - Forgotten One (Thorium)
 - Giant Clam (Calamity)
 - Leviathan and Anahita (Calamity)
 - Old Duke (Calamity)
26. Added a right click ability to mobile storages to despawn active storages

v2.2.9
1. Added a config to disable the Inferno Aura visual
 - Works with Calamity's Tesla Auras
2. Added a config to increase the amount of combat texts that can be displayed
3. Updated shops for:
 - Depths (Hell Alternative)
 - Exxo Avalon Origins
 - Martin's Order
 - Spooky Mod
 - Thorium
 - Universe of Swords
4. Added a config to apply a glint effect to items with good prefixes
5. Added a config to apply a glint effect to active buff items
6. Re-added mosses to Black Market Dealer's shop, as I missed re-adding them when v2.2.5 broke
7. Added a config to allow crafting Golden Delight with Golden Carp
8. Added mod support when the Royal Gel is in banks
9. Added support for the following mods:
 - Calamity Entropy: NPC Sales
 - Capture Discs Class: NPC Sales, Station Buffs
10. Added gem stone blocks to vanilla ores & bars shop
11. Fixed the Celestial Pillars despawning when using instant respawn
12. Added a fix to Mr Plague's Races when used with Auto Reforge to disable inaccessible prefixes when Race Stats are turned off
 - These prefixes are normally only available to the Goblin race, they are still accessible when race stats are enabled
13. Moved extra accessory slot configs back to server-side
14. Moved map teleporting config back to server-side
15. Added a config to fully disable mod recipes

v2.2.8
1. Gave the Entity Manipulator new button sprites to better indicate what each button does
2. Added a config to remove the logo from some yoyo's tooltips
3. Endless Ammo items are now crafted at a Solidifier
4. Added more clarity to which config needs to be enabled for a recipe to work
5. Added a tooltip to tell if an item is disabled in the config
6. Changed the Mod Support document into a spreadsheet, for easier editing and readability
7. Improved Used Permanent Upgrade Tooltip tracking, it should now not persist between characters and worlds
8. Added an indicator to most auto-structures to display where they are created
9. Further improved most UI
10. Added item shimmer conversions for sponges and bottomless buckets (Doesn't affect the Bottomless Shimmer Bucket)
11. Added Bottomless Liquid Bucket
12. Added a config to allow the Encumbering Stone to pickup coins
13. Removed The Final List
14. Added The Final List's effects to the Ultimate Checklist
15. Added Golden Powder
16. Fixed All In One Access being inconsistent to open

v2.2.7
1. Rewrote mod description
2. Converted the Extra Lures config to a number allowing customizable lure counts
3. Changed the max value of the increased place speed config to 1
4. Further increased the safety of the Spirit Mod infinite buff patch
5. Added Minibridge
6. Added a right click function to the All In One Access to allow opening and closing the Void Vault
7. Added a config for lunar enemies dropping fragments, this is now seperated from the "More Lunar Fragments" config
8. Resprites
9. Made the Potion Crate tooltip reflect the Endless Buff Amount config
10. Added Expert relic drop support for the following mods:
 - Edorbis
 - Martin's Order
 - Qwerty's Mod
 - Spooky Mod
 - Stars Above
 - Storm's Additions
 - Uhtric
11. The dash keybind should now work with most mod's dashes
 - Calamity dashes require double tapping this mod's key, as their sytem uses custom cooldowns
 - If using other mods along with Calamity just bind Calamity's dash key to the same key as this mod
 - If using Fargo's Mutant and/or Souls make sure to have their disable double dash config off
12. Fixed an issue with Credits Disabling conflicting with Vanilla+ QoL
13. Removed the Disable Dashing config since it conflicts with the new dash keybind system
14. All In One Access now uses a UI instead of projectiles
15. Added a config to allow Mobile Storages to follow the player
16. Added a config for a boot accessory slot
17. Added a config for a shield accessory slot
18. Added a config for an expert exclusive accessory slot
19. Moved accessory slot configs to the client-side config section
20. Localized Info Display text
21. Changed more mod UI to be more polished

v2.2.6
1. Added a config to allow fountains to cause biomes
2. Added a config to allow fountains to cause biomes from the inventory or banks
3. Added fountain support for the following mods:
 - Calamity
4. Added new item names for the Destination Globe, Entity Manipulator, Phase Interrupter, and Summoning Remote to better indicate their current mode
5. Demon and Crimson Altar crafting station tiles from this mod now use the vanilla sprite, so they work with texture packs when placed
6. Added the Lunar Event to the summoning remote
7. Localized the Summoning Remote's event spawn messages
8. Updated mod shops for:
 - Edorbis
9. Localized most UI text
10. Added Skeleton Rucksack
11. Fixed Rod of Harmony sale condition with Calamity enabled
12. Added Bottomless Chum Bucket
13. Added client side chat messages when attempting to click on a locked boss when using the Summoning Remote that indicate requirements
14. Added Challenger's Coin
15. Veinmining configs no longer require a reload
16. Added conversion recipes for vanilla ores
17. Added a config to allow relic drops in expert
18. Added Expert relic drop support for the following mods:
 - Aequus
 - Calamity (Drops disabled in Rev+)
 - Consolaria
 - Fargo's Souls (Drops disabled in Eternity)
 - Homeward Journey
 - Redemption
 - Secrets of the Shadows
 - Spirit
 - Thorium
 - Vitality
19. Added Warp Mirror
20. Added a config for banner recipes
21. Added a config for adding a tooltip to display if an item's effects are active
22. Fixed an issue with Infinite Buffs and Spirit Mod causing tiles to break when walked through, this could fix other unknown mod issues too

v2.2.5
1. Fixed some mod accessories not working from banks (Aequus/Thorium)
2. Minor optimization to non-consumable boss summons
3. Added a config to change reforge prices
4. Fixed Shadow Candle and War Table not working with Infinite Buffs
5. Added a config for Endless Station stack amount
6. Added Legendary Catcher
7. Fixed Starlight River's Glassweaver miniboss sale condition not working
8. Updated sales for the following mods:
 - Depths (Hell Alternative)
 - Dragon Ball Terraria Legacy
 - Exxo Avalon Origins
 - Gerd's Lab
 - Mod of Redemption
 - Starlight River
 - Verdant
9. Added support for the following mods:
 - Calamity: Permanent Upgrade Tooltip
 - Draedon Expansion: NPC Sales
 - Everjade: Non-consumable Boss & Event summons & NPC Sales
 - Exxo Avalon Origins: Permanent Upgrade Tooltip
 - Fargo's Souls: Permanent Upgrade Tooltip
 - Fargo's Souls DLC: Non-consumable Boss & Event summons
 - Redemption: Permanent Upgrade Tooltip
 - Shadows of Abaddon [Public Beta]: Endless Station Buffs, Non-consumable Boss & Event summons & NPC Sales
 - Stram's Classes: NPC Sales
 - Thorium: Permanent Upgrade Tooltip
 - Zylon: Non-consumable Boss & Event summons & NPC Sales
10. Split the Modded Materials shop into two shops:
 - Modded Materials (Mods: A-M)
 - Modded Materials (Mods: N-Z)
(The shop was so huge the mod couldn't build anymore LOL)
11. Added a config to allow Purification Powder to work on walls
12. Updated the shimmerable tooltip to show item, npc, or coin luck
13. Tooltip related configs no longer require a reload
14. NPCs Can Live In Evil Biomes config no longer requires a reload
15. Disable NPC Happiness config no longer requires a reload
16. No Pylon Restrictions config no longer requires a reload
17. Lava Slime No Lava config no longer requires a reload
18. Fast Herb Growth config no longer requires a reload
19. Fast Tree Growth config no longer requires a reload
20. Trees Drop More config no longer requires a reload
21. No Meteors config no longer requires a reload
22. Resprited all Pylon items and tiles
23. Added Wormhole Mirror
24. Removed Teleport Town NPCs Home config (Keybind still works)
25. Renamed World Globe to Destination Globe and resprited
26. Resprited Aether Altar and clarified how it's obtained
27. Added Moss Staff
28. Added Glowing Moss Staff
29. Resprited Omnistaff, Staff of Cysting (+Overgrown), Staff of Hallowing, Staff of Hemorrhaging (+Overgrown), and Staff of Shrooming
30. Resprited Superbomber and gave it a fuse timer instead of exploding on collision
31. Updated the Used Permanent Upgrade Tooltip to show stackable upgrades use count
32. Clarified a bunch of config entry names and descriptions
33. Added Eightworm
34. Fixed multiple instances of recipes not enabling when their config was toggled on in-game
35. Changed used sounds for multiple items
36. More resprites
37. Retiered Chlorophyte Magnet, renamed to Soul Magnet and resprited
38. Added a config to allow Hellstone to work with the Spelunker Potion
39. Aether Altar and Lunar Crafting Monolith now count as a shimmer source for crafting
40. Added the Nickel Anvil from Exxo Avalon Origins to the "Any Anvil" recipe group
41. Added the Naquadah Anvil from Exxo Avalon Origins to the "Any Mythril Anvil" recipe group
42. Added the Troxinium Forge from Exxo Avalon Origins to the "Any Adamantite Forge" recipe group
43. Added the Evil Altars from Exxo Avalon Origins, Fargo's Mutant, LuiAFK, and Magic Storage to the "Any Altar" recipe group
44. Added a config for boss bag recipes
45. Added a config for crate recipes
46. Resprited all Crafting Monoliths
47. Renamed "Advanced Crafting Monolith" to "Specialized Crafting Monolith"
48. Fixed the game being unplayable when using the Aequus Mod
49. Fixed Wrath of the Gods' Divine Wings item recieving extra wing stat tooltips
50. Cleaned up the Wing Time info display code a little

v2.2.5 RERELEASE CHANGES:
1. Fixed multiplayer not loading
2. More resprites
3. Many recipe changes
4. Added Skull Watch

v2.2.4
1. Fixed localization of Max Stack Increase config
2. Fixed localization of Stackable Quest Items config
3. Fixed Max Stack Increase config being limited to 100 instead of 99999
4. Raised the limit of Endless Stack configs to 99999
5. Added multiple new configs for each type of endless item (Item, Weapon, Ammo, Bait)
6. Fixed Potion Crate not applying buffs
7. Fixed Red Potion not applying buffs
8. Fixed Garden Gnome not increasing luck
9. Fixed Banner Box not giving banner buffs and finally made it use the correct kill count for each enemy instead of base 50 for everything
10. Added Golden Lockpick

v2.2.3
1. Fixed Thorium treasure bags not being sold due to name change
2. Added new Wayfair Content Pack content to shops
3. Fixed Aether Pylon having the incorrect hover icon
4. Changed Blood Moon and Solar Eclipse checks to be true once the event ends, not when it starts
5. Added new Vitality Mod content to shops
6. Added new Gerd's Lab Mod content to shops
7. Fixed Coralite Mod NPC sales not working at all
8. Fixed Modded Fish Shop getting disabled when Modded Herb Shop was disabled
9. Added support for Excelsior Mod
10. Added vanilla treasure bags re-added by Thorium to Shops
11. Added new Thorium boss summons to non-consumable list
12. Potion crate now works in tandem with the Endless Buffs Amount config option
13. Added support for Sloome Calamity Addon Mod
14. Added a config option to stop meteors from falling
15. Added new Secrets Of The Shadows content to shops
16. Added support for Ophioid Boss Mod
17. Added fragment drops to pillar enemies when more pillar fragment drops is enabled
18. Added support for Calamity Overhaul Mod
19. Resprited Staff Of Ashing
20. Resprited Staff Of Cysting
21. Resprited Staff Of Hemorrhaging
22. Resprited Staff Of Overgrown Cysting
23. Resprited Staff Of Overgrown Hemorrhaging
24. Resprited Staff Of Overgrowth
25. Removed mining speed for drills config option
26. Added a config option to disable double tap dashing
27. Added a keybind for dashing
28. Added a config option to add a used item tooltip to permanent upgrades
29. Added new Calamity Mod content to shops
30. Fixed Wall of Flesh spawning inside the player when using the summoning remote
31. Added new Blocks Info Accessories content to Information in Banks list
32. Added a config to disable credits roll
33. Added a config for no door breaking
34. Added a config for the Slice Of Cake buff to be infinite like other station buffs
35. Fixed Tesla Potion from Calamity Mod not working with infinite buffs

v2.2.2
1. Made Calamity wings not receive stats tooltips from this mod
2. Added a config for Old One's Army minibosses dropping extra Defender Medals
3. Added a config for changing vein miner max tile breaking limit
4. Added the Solar Eclipse to the Summoning Remote, since it was somehow missed
5. Added text prompts to events being spawned from the Summoning Remote
6. Resprited Eclipse Pedestal
7. Resprited Sun Pedestal
8. Added Pause Pedestal
9. Added new Buffaria Mod content to shops
10. Added "Information In Banks" support for Aequus Mod
11. Added "Information In Banks" support for Calamity Mod
12. Added "Information In Banks" support for Spirit Mod
13. Added "Information In Banks" support for Thorium Mod
 - More mods will be supported in the future
14. Added new Clicker Class Mod content to shops
15. Added a keybind to quick recall home
16. Added new Depths Mod content to shops
17. Added a lot of mod's healing potions to flasks & stations shop
18. New Icon and Small Icon
19. Item toggles no longer require a reload
20. Added support for Project Zero Mod
21. Added support for Coralite Mod
22. Added support for Block's Arsenal Mod
23. Added support for Block's Artificer Mod
24. Added support for Block's Core Boss Mod
25. Added support for Block's Info Accessories Mod
 - "Information In Banks" support
26. Added support for Block's Thrower Mod
27. Added bar and world evil item conversion recipes

v2.2.1
1. Added support for new Vitality Mod content
2. Added support for new Stars Above Mod content
3. Added a config for wing stats tooltips
4. Added a config for hook stats tooltips
5. Added the ability to shimmer Mod of Redemption's Special Keycard into the normal Keycard

v2.2.0
1. Added Omnistaff
2. Added Lakemaker
3. Added Superbomber
4. Added a config for auto fishing
5. Added new Clamity Addon content to shops
6. Added new Homeward Journey content to shops
7. Added Corruption Pylon
8. Added Crimson Pylon
9. Added Dungeon Pylon
10. Added Hell Pylon
11. Added Sky Pylon
12. Added Temple Pylon
13. Added Aether Pylon
14. Added new Spooky Mod content to shops
15. Added Aether Altar
16. Removed Dungeon Mirror
17. Removed Temple Mirror
18. Reverted Banner Box to its original state
19. Added a config for portable crafting stations
20. Added a config for auto researching favorited items
21. Added Little Egg
22. Fixed Regrowth Staves research values
23. Added a config for unlocking bestiary entries  with 1 kill
24. Added The Final List
25. Added Ultimate Checklist
26. Restructured the entire mod
27. Added Staff Of Overgrown Cysting
28. Added Staff Of Overgrown Hemorrhaging
29. Added a config for adding a tooltip to items that work in banks
30. Added support for Martain's Order Mod
31. Added a config for NPCs to always sell pylons
32. Added Asphalt Autohighway
33. Added vanilla mounts and hooks shop to Black Market Dealer's shop selection
34. Added vanilla ammo shop to Black Market Dealer's shop selection
35. Added a config for removing pylon restrictions
36. Fixed Extra Fishing Lures config not working with new vanilla fishing bobber accessories
37. Added a config for increasing Lunar Pillar fragment drops
38. Moved Starter Bag item list to the Item Config page
39. Resprited Weightless Safe and renamed to "Flying Safe"
40. Resprited Defender's Catalyst and renamed to "Etherian Construct"
41. Added Sun Pedestal
42. Reworked Moon Pedestal
43. Resprited all Pedestal items
44. Added Phase Interrupter
45. Added a config for disabling natural boss spawns
46. Added two config options for enabling/disabling the new shops
47. Added two config multipliers for the new shop's prices
48. Fixed Ethereal Collector's fish shop not being affected by the fish price multiplier
49. Fixed Ethereal Collector's shops in multiplayer
50. Added non-consumable boss summon support for Mod of Redemption
51. Added new Mod of Redemption content to shops
52. Fixed Remnants mod materials not being sold
53. Made Money Trough recipe dependant on Mobile Storage item config
54. Added a recipe for the Universal Pylon that depends on the Pylons item config
55. Added Restock Notice
56. Added Traveler's Mannequin
57. Slightly modified Entity Manipulator's recipe
58. Slightly modified Cursed Mirror's recipe
59. Slightly modified Mirror Of Return's recipe
60. Slightly modified Teleportation Mirror's recipe
61. Renamed Hell Magnet to "Hellstone Magnet"
62. Renamed Hallowed Magnet to "Chlorophyte Magnet"
63. Renamed Spooky Magnet to "Spectre Magnet"
64. Resprited all magnets
65. Changed all magnet recipes
66. Recolored Teleportation Mirror
67. Recolored World Globe
68. Renamed Forwarper to "Mini Sundial" and changed recipe, function, and sprite
69. Added Lamp
70. Added Owl Nest
71. Added support for Awful Garbage Mod
72. Added endless versions of all vanilla arrows
73. Added endless versions of all vanilla bullets
74. Added endless versions of all vanilla darts
75. Added endless versions of all vanilla flares
76. Added endless versions of all vanilla other ammos
77. Added endless versions of all vanilla rockets
78. Added endless versions of all vanilla solutions
79. Added a config for vein mining
80. Added a config for vein mining speed
81. Added a config and keybinds for whitelisting tiles for vein mining
82. Fixed some Town Slimes not despawning if already spawned when the config is turned on
83. Added non-consumable boss summon support for Aequus Mod
84. Added support for Medial Rift
85. Added support for Exxo Avalon Origins

v2.1.24
1. Added new Gerd's Lab content to shops
2. Added Staff of Regrowth to Info Shop
3. Added a config to disable biome visit requirements for shops
4. Added Staff Of Ashing
5. Added Staff Of Cysting
6. Added Staff Of Hallowing
7. Added Staff Of Hemorrhaging
8. Added Staff Of Overgrowth
9. Added Staff Of Shrooming

v2.1.23
1. Added a config for stopping falling sand from damaging players
2. Added Draedon Power Cells to materials shop
3. Lots of resprites

v2.1.22
1. Added a new config page to store tooltip changes
2. Added a config to indicate if an item is shimmerable via tooltip
3. Changed endless amount configs to be a number input and raised maximum to 9999
4. Added multiple items to Black Market Dealer's shop
5. Made Wing Timer less common
6. Added a config to change Fallen Star spawn rate

v2.1.21
1. Added a config to allow boss item swapping using shimmer
2. Added support for Calamity Community Remix
3. Fixed a couple things regarding new Supernova Mod update
4. Fixed a couple things regarding new Spirit Mod update
5. Added Super Dummy

v2.1.20
1. Added support for Lunar Veil
2. Added a bunch of new crafting station combinations
3. Added a craftable demon altar/crimson altar
4. Added a config to allow NPCs to live in evil biomes
5. Added a config to unlock all hairstyles

v2.1.19
1. Updated description
2. Increased item stack size limit for the custom Starter Bag to 9999
3. Added Skybridger
4. Implemented Pannoniae's shop expander from Vanilla+ QoL into this mod because shop expander is broken
5. Removed door breaking config since it breaks with other mods

v2.1.18
1. Separated thrown weapons into their own endless config
2. Added a config option for allowing infinite buffs only from the Potion Crate
3. Added a config option to further increase item stacks to 99999
4. Added a config option for instant angler quest refresh
5. Added a config option for increased fruit and gem drops from trees
6. Added a config option to affect axes, hammers, and drills with mining speed bonuses
7. Added a config option to remove shimmer sinking
8. Added a config option to keep buffs after death
9. Added a config option to keep debuffs after death

v2.1.17
1. Fixed Starter Bag error
2. Added Ethereal Collector Fish Shop

v2.1.16
1. Added support for new fargo's updates

v2.1.15
1. Fixed Census localization error
2. Localized mod conditions
3. Fixed a couple shop localization issues in the config

v2.1.14
1. Resprited a couple items
2. Reorganized some items from a couple mods in shops
3. Reworked Banner Box
4. Added Potion Crate
5. Added Hellbridger
6. Added Summoning Remote
7. Removed all boss & event summons
8. Fixed 2 info displays not having the correct display name
9. Added a fish shop to Black Market Dealer

v2.1.13
1. Added shop price multipliers for this mod's npcs (Accessed from Shop Config)
2. Changed all shops to be cheaper and unified Dealer's and Collectors prices
3. Added boss price scaling for treasure bags (Follows vanilla progression, accessed from Shop Config)

v2.1.12
1. Disabled biome checks for shops in multiplayer

v2.1.11
1. Changed a couple config options into sliders
2. Added a keybind to teleport town NPCs home
3. Added a config to remove favorite tooltips
4. Added a config to disable gravestones
5. Removed the new PDA recipe added by this mod and moved it to it's own item
5a. Mosaic Mirror now displays modded information instead of the Cell Phone
6. Finally fixed building accessories decreasing wall/tile speed when placed in banks
7. Updated description to reflect a bunch of missing additions

v2.1.10
1. Fixed team joining bug

v2.1.9
1. Fixed consumable items not consuming in stacks of 2 or greater
2. Added a bunch of new summon items for event bosses

v2.1.8
1. Fixed some internal issues
2. Added new config options
3. Added new mirror items
4. Updated shop for new Buffaria update

v2.1.7
1. Fixed TerraGuardians UI issue
2. Added support for 2 new mods
3. Fixed fast herbs and regrowth replant not working

v2.1.6
1. Added a new item
2. Fixed Wing Timer being unobtainable

v2.1.5
1. Fixed Infernum Bereft Vassal conditions so you no longer need to pick up the bag
2. More mod support
3. Various internal changes
4. Added more shop items
5. Now REQUIRES Shop Expander!

v2.1.4
1. Minor internal changes
2. Minor shop changes for mods

v2.1.3
1. Updated to latest stable
2. Added a couple new items